Update docs on bulk republishing in whitehall (#3054)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/republishing-content.html.md

## Whitehall

> If the documents are in Whitehall, there are Rake tasks you can run as outlined below. Try to pick the one most focused to the scope of what you need to republish to avoid unnecesary load. You can monitor the effect on the publishing queue via these dashboards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the documents are in Whitehall, there are Rake tasks you can run as outlined below. Try to pick the one most focused to the scope of what you need to republish to avoid unnecessary load. You can monitor the effect on the publishing queue via these Grafana dashboards:
```

> - [integration][https://grafana.integration.publishing.service.gov.uk/dashboard/file/sidekiq.json?refresh=1m&orgId=1&var-Application=whitehall&var-Interval=$__auto_interval]

Reviewer 2: these are not rendering as links, possibly because of the bullet points?

Author: Fixed - it needed () instead of [] on the second half of the link markup as it's not following the pattern of the others where the link is defined below the body.

[staging][https://grafana.blue.staging.govuk.digital/dashboard/file/sidekiq.json?refresh=1m&orgId=1&var-Application=whitehall&var-Interval=$__auto_interval]

> [production][https://grafana.blue.production.govuk.digital/dashboard/file/sidekiq.json?refresh=1m&orgId=1&var-Application=whitehall&var-Interval=$__auto_interval]

Reviewer: I think these need `- ` prefixing them, otherwise they won't render as a list.

Author: > I think these need `- ` prefixing them, otherwise they won't render as a list.

Thanks, fixed.

Author: > I think these need `- ` prefixing them, otherwise they won't render as a list.

Thanks, fixed.

You may wish to test first on Integration:
[`publishing_api:bulk_republish:document_type[DocumentClass]`][republish-whitehall-document-type-jenkins-integration]

For a short list of Content IDs, run:

> [`publishing_api:bulk_republish:republish_documents_by_content_ids[content_id_1 content_id_2]`][republish-whitehall-document-type-jenkins]

Reviewer: The URL portion of this needs updating - it currently refers to a different rake task.

For a significant number of Content IDs:
Some preparation is needed for this as a CSV file needs to be in place. The CSV should have a column called content_id that contains all the relevant IDS. This should be added to the whitehall repository at:
lib/tasks/{FILENAME}.csv

> [`publishing_api:bulk_republish:republish_documents_by_content_ids_from_csv[csv_file_name]`][republish-whitehall-document-type-jenkins]

Reviewer: Same here

Ensure that the CSV is removed again after the job completes.

To republish all documents:

> Proceed with caution, this is a lot of content and will take hours to complete.

Reviewer: Might be worth elaborating on when you might want to use this, and also clarifying that 2nd line should be notified as the queues will be backed up, so they may see alerts.

> [`publishing_api:bulk_republish:all`][republish-whitehall-document-type-jenkins]

Reviewer: Same here
